com/example/cardgame/Penguin.java
 com.example.cardgame.Penguin
com/example/cardgame/databinding/ActivitySignupBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.ActivitySignupBinding
com/example/cardgame/ColorDialogFragment.java
 com.example.cardgame.ColorDialogFragment
 com.example.cardgame.ColorDialogFragment$1
 com.example.cardgame.ColorDialogFragment$DialogClickListener
 com.example.cardgame.ColorDialogFragment$NoticeDialogListener
com/example/cardgame/FeedReaderContract.java
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract$AccountEntry
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract$FeedEntry
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract$PenguinEntry
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract$StudyEntry
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderContract$TagEntry
com/example/cardgame/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/cardgame/databinding/FragmentGameBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.FragmentGameBinding
com/example/cardgame/SignUpActivity.java
 com.example.cardgame.SignUpActivity
 com.example.cardgame.SignUpActivity$1
 com.example.cardgame.SignUpActivity$2
com/example/cardgame/databinding/FragmentTimerBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.FragmentTimerBinding
com/example/cardgame/FragmentStats.java
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentStats
com/example/cardgame/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.cardgame.BuildConfig
com/example/cardgame/FragmentGame.java
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentGame
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentGame$1
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentGame$2
com/example/cardgame/FragmentSettings.java
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentSettings
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentSettings$1
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentSettings$2
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentSettings$3
com/example/cardgame/FragmentStopwatch.java
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentStopwatch
com/example/cardgame/FeedReaderDbHelper.java
 com.example.cardgame.FeedReaderDbHelper
com/example/cardgame/databinding/FragmentStopwatchBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.FragmentStopwatchBinding
com/example/cardgame/MainActivity.java
 com.example.cardgame.MainActivity
 com.example.cardgame.MainActivity$1
com/example/cardgame/databinding/ActivityInputBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.ActivityInputBinding
com/example/cardgame/databinding/ActionBarImgBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.ActionBarImgBinding
com/example/cardgame/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/example/cardgame/CommonMethod.java
 com.example.cardgame.CommonMethod
com/example/cardgame/databinding/FragmentStatsBinding.java
 com.example.cardgame.databinding.FragmentStatsBinding
com/example/cardgame/FragmentTimer.java
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentTimer
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentTimer$1
 com.example.cardgame.FragmentTimer$MyListener
com/example/cardgame/InputActivity.java
 com.example.cardgame.InputActivity
 com.example.cardgame.InputActivity$1
 com.example.cardgame.InputActivity$2
 com.example.cardgame.InputActivity$3
com/example/cardgame/ColorPickerDialog.java
 com.example.cardgame.ColorPickerDialog
 com.example.cardgame.ColorPickerDialog$1
 com.example.cardgame.ColorPickerDialog$ColorPickerView
 com.example.cardgame.ColorPickerDialog$OnColorChangedListener
